IBX-4629: Added meta tab config (#1902)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/administration/back_office/content_tab_switcher.md

> # Tab switcher in Content Type

Reviewer: As discussed in private, this page is documenting tab switcher on content edit page.

![Meta tab](tab_switcher.png)

### Configure Field groups for Meta tab

> The default configuration causes that the `ibexa_taxonomy_entry_assignment` Field is always shown in the Meta tab in the Content form. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default configuration makes the `ibexa_taxonomy_entry_assignment` Field always visible in the Meta tab in the Content form. 
```

> With this new feature, you can indicate what Field types, previously set in the Back Office Content Type, are located in the Meta tab section in the Content form. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this new feature, you can indicate what Field types, previously set in the Back Office Content Type, are shown in the Meta tab section in the Content form. 
```

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

You can automatically move all Field types from Metadata group to the Meta tab in the Content form.
To do it, use the following configuration:

```yaml

>     system:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ibexa:
    system:
```

        admin_group:
            admin_ui_forms:
                content_edit:
                    meta_field_groups_list:
                       - metadata

```

![Meta tab](tab_switcher_meta.png)

To disable the feature:

```yaml

>     system:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ibexa:
    system:
```

![Meta tab](tab_switcher.png)

### Configure Field groups for Meta tab

The default configuration causes that the `ibexa_taxonomy_entry_assignment` Field is always shown in the Meta tab in the Content form. 
With this new feature, you can indicate what Field types, previously set in the Back Office Content Type, are located in the Meta tab section in the Content form. 

You can automatically move all Field types from Metadata group to the Meta tab in the Content form.
To do it, use the following configuration:

```yaml
    system:
        admin_group:
            admin_ui_forms:
                content_edit:
                    meta_field_groups_list:
                       - metadata

```

![Meta tab](tab_switcher_meta.png)

> If you want to automatically move all Field types from Content group to the Meta tab, use the following configuration:

Reviewer: Not sure if this is a good example because `Content` field group is the default one that shouldn't really be messed with. In our case only have 2 field groups (Content and Metadata) by default, the example would be better if it mentioned new field group instead.

Author: I removed this section to avoid ambiguities.

``` html+twig
[[= include_file('code_samples/back_office/content_type/templates/my_template.html.twig') =]]
```

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
